Allow key bundle import/export (#132)
xmtp/xmtp-js: README.md

})
```

#### Manually handling private key storage

> The SDK will handle key storage for the user by encrypting the private key bundle using a signature generated from the wallet, and storing the encrypted payload it on the XMTP network. This can be awkward for some server-side applications, where you may only want to give the application access to the XMTP keys but not your wallet keys. Mobile applications may also want to store keys in a secure enclave rather than rely on decrypting the remote keys on the network each time the application starts up.

Reviewer: > storing the encrypted payload it on the XMTP network.

Perhaps an extra 'it' here

> The SDK will handle key storage for the user by encrypting the private key bundle using a signature generated from the wallet, and storing the encrypted payload it on the XMTP network. This can be awkward for some server-side applications, where you may only want to give the application access to the XMTP keys but not your wallet keys. Mobile applications may also want to store keys in a secure enclave rather than rely on decrypting the remote keys on the network each time the application starts up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SDK will handle key storage for the user by encrypting the private key bundle using a signature generated from the wallet, and storing the encrypted payload on the XMTP network. This can be awkward for some server-side applications, where you may only want to give the application access to the XMTP keys but not your wallet keys. Mobile applications may also want to store keys in a secure enclave rather than rely on decrypting the remote keys on the network each time the application starts up.
```

> You can export the key bundle using the static method `Client.getKeys`, save them somewhere secure, and then provide those keys at a later time to initialize a new client using the exported XMTP identity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can export the unencrypted key bundle using the static method `Client.getKeys`, save it somewhere secure, and then provide those keys at a later time to initialize a new client using the exported XMTP identity.
```
